absolutely I have no explanation for how
we started I wish I could give you one
does it first looks like that's kind of
a dirty girl like they do your guys that
we don't get that we don't get yes your
score coverage around the corners just
brings it around the net and and it's
it's a fluke II goal well we don't get
you don't have an explanation of a star
what's the remedy what mark what is the
remedy I don't know how you want me to
answer that
Bobby what do you think you need to do
in order know you what do you need to do
so that this doesn't happen
that'll be something that we'll decide
before tomorrow's game Larry
you've talked about that as you going
through this the players have to work
hard and that uh have to figure it out
after the last month or so is this group
capable figuring it out and as currently
constituted I tell you right now if they
the thing that's unacceptable about
tonight's game and we're trying to stay
positive around here trying to work our
way through it but when we play like
like that for 20 minutes in a game like
this in a back-to-back situation it's
unacceptable
so I'm not even go back as far as a
month and are we capable it is simply
unacceptable and as Brooks he just asked
there has to be something done and we'll
see along the way here before tomorrow
night's game we'll see where we go with
it it's just simply unacceptable how we
started that game and I and I wish I
could give you a explanation about it I
can't all right so once again we fire up
the bleep button with John Tortorella
he's intimating that something might be
done before tomorrow night's game what
is he talking about